# Analysing-Parler-User-data

On 6 January 2021, a mob of right-wing conservatives stormed the USA Capitol Hill interrupting the session of congress certifying 2020 Presidential election results. Immediately after the start of the event, posts related to the riots started to trend on social media. A social media platform which stood out was a free speech endorsing social media platform Parler; it is being claimed as the platform on which the riots were planned and talked about. 
So what I tried to do is to analyse the user data like whose post got the maximum likes or whose post where shared maximum number of times. Were the maximum post were shared by humans or were they bots?. The collected data was based on the trending hashtags and draw comparisons based on what are the topics being talked about, who are the people active on the platforms and how organic is the content generated on the two platforms. Parler content had a strong conservative narrative echoing the ideas of voter fraud similar to the attacking mob.

#### Link for data: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1sBp6BWt1cmENWLyTQFdGVg0QX8ZnfE5x?usp=sharing

## The questions I tried to answer:

### Collect the top 10 usernames responsible for generating the most content.
a) Create a bar plot denoting their individual percentages. What percentage of the total content is generated by the top 10 users cumulatively? What inference can you draw from the plot?<br/>
b) How many of these users are verified/human? Highlight them in the plot generated and draw inferences.

### Identify the top 10 usernames with i) most number of upvotes, ii) most number of interactions and (iii) most number of mentions.
a) Represent (i), (ii) and (iii) on a bar plot. How many of them are verified/human on Parler? Highlight them on the plots generated. <br/>
b) For (ii), make a word cloud from the text in the bios of users. Can you comment on their demographics?

### Identify the major topics being discussed in the content (posts) by extracting words and hashtags from the content.
a) Make a word cloud to qualitatively describe the data. Also plot the top 10 words based on number of occurrences. What do you observe?<br/>
b) Plot the top 10 hashtags based on the following and draw inferences:
  i) Number of occurrences.
  ii) Average post length (number of words).
  
### Draw time-series graphs using an interactive visualization library (for example - plotly) to studygranular patterns of the following:
a) Content generation on Parler.<br/>
b) User account creation on Parler.
What do you observe?
